topsql: add aggregate by table or db (#18982)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/top-sql.md

> 
> Top SQL cannot be used to pinpoint non-performance issues, such as incorrect data or abnormal crashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

4. Click a SQL statement in the table to show more information. You can see detailed execution metrics of different plans of that statement, such as Call/sec (average queries per second) and Scan Indexes/sec (average number of index rows scanned per second).

    ![Details](/media/dashboard/top-sql-details.png)

5. Based on these initial clues, you can further explore the [SQL Statement](/dashboard/dashboard-statement-list.md) or [Slow Queries](/dashboard/dashboard-slow-query.md) page to find the root cause of high CPU consumption or large data scans of the SQL statement.

    You can adjust the time range in the time picker or select a time range in the chart to get a more precise and detailed look at the problem. A smaller time range can provide more detailed data, with precision of up to 1 second.

    ![Change time range](/media/dashboard/top-sql-usage-change-timerange.png)

    If the chart is out of date, you can click the **Refresh** button or select Auto Refresh options from the **Refresh** drop-down list.

    ![Refresh](/media/dashboard/top-sql-usage-refresh.png)

> 6. View the CPU resource usage of TiKV by table or database level to quickly identify resource usage at a higher level.

Author: ```suggestion
6. View the CPU resource usage by table or database level to quickly identify resource usage at a higher level. Currently, only TiKV instances are supported.
```

>     Select a TiKV instance, and then select **By TABLE** or **By DB**:

Author: Agree.
